# Healthy-Kid-Undergraduate-Project

The world is now facing the worst global food crisis in decades. With food prices rising due to climate change, COVID-19, and the conflict in Ukraine, many children worldwide are facing malnutrition from informal diets. From the moment a mother conceives a child, it is the role of parents to keep the child healthy. Due to the lack of knowledge of many parents about proper child health habits and correct food patterns, children are facing such diseases. In many countries of the world, various health clinics are conducted to promote the health of children. Parents in Sri Lanka visit child health clinics monthly to check their child's health. Children must be taken to the clinics there, and due to the current Covid-19 situation, this situation is unsuitable for children. In some cases, not every child gets attention from these clinics. The project will develop an IoT-based child health care system as a mobile and web application to avoid these problems. The main feature of the system is that this consists of three parts. This enables parents and health professionals to take action to promote child health using a single system that advises on the future health status of the child. This system can obtain information about health care and children's growth using data obtained from IoT device from the moment of the child’s birth until they become a teenager. The automated sensors-based IOT device allows parents to monitor their child's health. There is also an easy-to-use mobile application for parents to monitor their child's health information. This mobile application provides advice on the child's health status, possible diseases and clinics, food, and medicine. Parents are given the ability to use the system from home easily, and a consultation service about the system will also be available which will allow them to have conversations with family health workers. This mobile application is available in three languages, Sinhala, English, and Tamil, and creates multiple child profiles. Health officials can get an analysis of the health status of children using web applications. This system will be developed using Arduino, Flutter, Python, React, and Firebase as databases. This system can create a healthy world by detecting early malnutrition and other diseases in children. 
